hello ladies and gentlemen's science
gaming coming at you with a battlefield
3 live commentary and in this video I'm
going to be talking about transport
shoppers and I talking about transport
shoppers because you would think that
it's a very obscure vehicle not a lot of
people use it but I see a lot of people
use it and I see a lot of people use it
wrong in my opinion what-what I see a
transport chopper 4 at 4 is a vehicle
that can stay at one flag and absolutely
demolish if used correctly so we're
going to try and show I'm going to try
and show you how to use this correctly
the first thing you need to know about
the transport shoppers at the gunner in
the second position which is commander
PP was on the right side and pj y 0 4 is
on the left side that's how the
transport chopper works for the gunner
position so it's always good to know
what side you're Gunners are actually on
another thing is that Jimmy medic
Nikita's tits down into the gunner
position so we can do some damage
because right now we're not doing jack
shit so I'm gonna fly here hopefully he
gets the message there we go there we go
big guy alright so what I like to do is
fly around in a circle of the base that
I am trying to kind of provide fire
support for so you're going to see me
flying around be base not really a you
know not really super low to the ground
but not really a high up either and i'm
going to give one gunner the shot here
and it's jimmy medic and i'm really
trying to make sure that he has some
shots on those enemies down there he's
missing though i don't know what the
fuck is there's a giant just a shit ton
of enemies down there so let's try and
line them up here and it's best not to
do this not to kind of its best to
flying around in a circle in my opinion
that works best but if you want to kind
of really over exaggerate and line your
gunner up there's no problem with that
but what I usually do is fly around in a
circle like this around a flag that my
team is trying to cap and it really
really really does to think so I'm voice
crack does two things for you guys the
first thing is it get skills obviously
but the second thing and I think the
bigger thing it does is cause a
distraction and you know we can say that
this is just a video game and yes it is
but if you have a giant transport
chopper flying above your head maybe
third
feet above your head with both turrets
going full auto on your ass you're not
going to really be paying attention to
things on the ground you're going to be
trying to shoot that chopper down and as
you see here we're starting to take that
flag almost no problem am I going to say
that was all because of me of course not
but am I going to say that I probably
helped that effort yes I am and so what
I'm going to do now is just fly over to
D and help my teammates over there so
here we go once again and what I like to
do in case you haven't noticed I like to
pick my right side gunner to line them
up I don't really care about my about my
left side gunner purely because the way
i fly i like to do circles in a
clockwise direction that's just that's
just kind of how kind of how i like to
fly a helicopter that's what i feel
comfortable with if you feel comfortable
doing circles in a counterclockwise
direction then feel free to set up the
left side and if you really want to set
up both sides go for it but i find out
that makes you a lot less effective and
it can open you up to a lot more danger
than if you were just to set up one one
guy so I'm gonna keep doing this until
we die and while I do this I want to say
that you can you should ask me any
questions you have about this transport
shop or tactic I think it works the best
as you see here Jimmy medic is
approximately ten and three so he's
doing pretty good but he just bailed out
knowing that my guy is on the left now
i'm going to give him though we just got
shot down so that that was a fairly
successful chopper run in my opinion we
got a lot of people to spawn in our
chopper and drop them and we did a lot
of damage with the main gun so while i
wait for this to respond i want to talk
about something i had an idea last night
to put my videos on reddit more often
what i do to advertise now excuse me is
a battle log and EA UK and i'm thinking
that well that that's pretty good and I
get a lot of my friends to bump my posts
on battlelog which I'm very appreciative
and I thank you guys for helping me out
with that but I was thinking if I could
get maybe 30 or 40 you know subscribers
that actively watch my material even
more than that to bump my threads on
battlefield 3 reddit which you know my
videos up remind primarily going
battlefield 3 for quite a while then I
think I can get I think that's just a
great idea in just a really awesome way
of advertising and getting myself out
there and I would appreciate it if if
you're watching this video and you feel
like you can take a few minutes out of
your day every time I post a video just
to kind of bump it on reddit I don't
have a fucking gun in here with it it's
just to bump it on reddit and help me
get a little more visibility if you
could just leave a comment in the in the
comments section of this video telling
me that you're willing to do that for me
I would really appreciate that it's
still up in the air I'm not one hundred
percent sure if i'm going to use that
idea but if i get enough positive
feedback then i will do it for sure so
I'll shit spawn to the wrong side so
just uh just let me know if you guys are
down for that and if you are Christ
Christ alright whatever if you guys are
down for that please let me know if
you're not please let me know either way
i want the feedback so i hope this helps
you guys out and this is hien scamming
signing up